1. SOLVED. How do I do flask run when my application
    is named something other than application.py?
    I tried renaming it to pow_app.py, but the "run flask"
    command wouldn't work (internal server error)

2. SOLVED. How do I import data into phpliteadmin? How do I update phpliteadmin in cloud9?

3. SOLVED. Why is weather API not working? Won't display any information in weather_result -->
    but also won't render weather_result because it is claiming that city text input is
    invalid (returning 400 error). Is my lookup function incorrect? Is it incorrectly parsing
    the API call URL?
         (how to get API to work, how to incorporate weather forecast into search results when I have a different table? Or should I just display it when results of query display?)

4. SOLVED. How do I get Search Destination query results to display in a dynamic HTML page?
    I need the page to display all rows returned from the SQL query.

5. SOVED. Do I need to hardcode my API_KEY so that this can be graded without creating an opeanweathermap.org account?

6. SOLVED. How do I make my insert code (for querying weather forecast) less computationally taxing. It takes several minutes to call the api for every single row.
    E.g. only do look up on the values returned from the search?

TODO:
    1) DONE. Make resort search a drop-down menu
    2) DONE. Include weather forecast in search results by using nearest city from data to call API
    3) ICEBOX. Include in the search results table an external link to purchase tickets, button save to wishlist SQL table
    4) DONE. Update weather API to be in farenheit, not metric
    5) DONE. Make all weather "descriptive" using "description" section: http://api.openweathermap.org/data/2.5/forecast?q=wichita&appid=62fd0f6f4d938652ab8198ca09401db2
    6) DONE. Customize CSS
    7) DONE. Add "about" page
    8) ICEBOX. Add wishlist function
    9) DONE. If no results returned, render template that says "sorry, no resorts match your search. click here to try again"
    10) DONE. If any field left blank in search, return error message (require that all fields be submitted)
    11) ICEBOX. Add custom bootswatch CSS to styles instead of linking to bootswatch?
    12) DONE. About button doesn't work
    13) DONE. Add layout to apologies
    14) ICEBOX. Render a "welcome" template when user registers?
    15) DONE. Fix register and login button locations
    16) DONE. Add "already registered" or "need to register" links.